study.md, before:

# Single-Page Applications Study

Use your favorite search engine to research and answer the following questions
(no prior knowledge is expected). Strive for understanding the definitions
themselves, since you may be asked in an interview to define "single-page
applications" (SPAs) in your own words.

All your projects in this program will be SPAs, so you'll likely internalize
this defintion over time.

It might be a good idea to come back to this later and see if you'd still answer
in the same way! If you have a blog you're using to journal your experience
becoming a web developer, this might make a good article.

## Readings

- [MSDN Single Page Applications](https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/magazine/dn463786.aspx) (Stop at 'Creating the Visual Studio Project')
- [Modern Web applications overview](http://singlepageappbook.com/goal.html)
- [Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Single-page_application) (Just the introduction and History sections)
- [SPA and the Single Page Myth](https://johnpapa.net/pageinspa/)

## Define "single-page application" (SPA)

In your own words, define what a SPA is. In your answer, be sure to cite any
relevant sources you consulted in your search.

```md
<!-- your answer here -->
```

## Define "page" as used by non-developers

What do users mean when they say "page"? What did you mean before your started
your search to define SPAs?

```md
<!-- your answer here -->
```

## Define "view" and "view-state" within the context of SPAs

What do developers mean when they say "view"? Since view can have many meanings,
what do developers mean when they say "view-state"? How do front-end "routers"
help manage view-state?

```md
<!-- your answer here -->
```

## Define the advantages of an SPA over a traditional application

What are the advantages of a single page application over a traditional appliction?

```md
<!-- your answer here -->
```

## List some technologies used to make SPA's

What are some of the tools used to create single page applications?

```md
<!-- your answer here -->
```

Commit message:

Update 024/master from study-template
Refresh for cohort 024

study.md, after:

# Single-Page Applications Study

Use your favorite search engine to research and answer the following questions
(no prior knowledge is expected).

In your responses, be sure to cite any relevant sources you consulted in your
search. We ask you to write responses in your own words in order to see how you
process what you've read. Please do not respond with direct quotes from source
material. Instead, digest what you've read and repeat it in your own voice.

Strive for understanding the definitions
themselves, since you may be asked in an interview to define "single-page
applications" (SPAs) in your own words.

All your projects in this program will be SPAs, so you'll likely internalize
this defintion over time.

It might be a good idea to come back to this later and see if you'd still answer
in the same way! If you have a blog you're using to journal your experience
becoming a web developer, this might make a good article.

## Readings

- [MSDN Single Page Applications](https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/magazine/dn463786.aspx) (Stop at 'Creating the Visual Studio Project')
- [Modern Web applications overview](http://singlepageappbook.com/goal.html)
- [Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Single-page_application) (Just the introduction and History sections)
- [SPA and the Single Page Myth](https://johnpapa.net/pageinspa/)

## Define "single-page application" (SPA)

In your own words, define what a SPA is. In your answer, be sure to cite any
relevant sources you consulted in your search.

```md
<!-- your answer here -->
```

## Define "page" as used by non-developers

What do users mean when they say "page"? What did you mean before your started
your search to define SPAs?

```md
<!-- your answer here -->
```

## Define "view" and "view-state" within the context of SPAs

What do developers mean when they say "view"? Since view can have many meanings,
what do developers mean when they say "view-state"? How do front-end "routers"
help manage view-state?

```md
<!-- your answer here -->
```

## Define the advantages of an SPA over a traditional application

What are the advantages of a single page application over a traditional appliction?

```md
<!-- your answer here -->
```

## List some technologies used to make SPA's

What are some of the tools used to create single page applications?

```md
<!-- your answer here -->
```
